link:CommandLine[CommandLine] option `--format latex` (or -O latex for
short) makes pasdoc write output that can be interpreted using LaTeX.
This is the preferred output format for printing the documentation.

A single output file, either having the name specified with the
link:NameOption[--name option], or the default name docs.tex will be
created.

With latex you will be able to create a dvi file that can then be
converted to a Postscript file using dvips. Or you can also directly
generate a huge HTML file by using htlatex, or a PDF file by using
pdflatex.

It is to note that the output generated by pasdoc has been optimized for
pdflatex and htlatex.

## [[notes-about-warnings-displayed-by-latex-andor-pdflatex-when-they-process-file-generated-by-pasdoc]] Notes about warnings displayed by latex and/or pdflatex when they process file generated by pasdoc:

### Reference ...' on page ... undefined on input`:

This warning is valid to occur during the _first_ run of latex/pdflatex
on the given .tex file. This happens when reference to an item has been
made before a label was defined. This is how labels/references in LaTeX
work: you must run latex/pdflatex once again, and this time all
references should be resolved and no such warning should appear. This is
not something that can be corrected inside pasdoc.

### Label ...' multiply defined`:

This warning happens when you used in your source file overloading, i.e.
defined global functions/procedures with the same name in the same unit
or within the same class. Currently pasdoc does not handle this
situation absolutely correctly, and labels and references to every
version of overloaded routine will look the same. Also, note that
currently there is no way in pasdoc to specify within
link:LinkTag[@link tag] to which one of the overloaded versions you
want to link. So, yes, this is a problem in pasdoc, but not specific to
LaTeX output, and requires more general treatment. So far noone
implemented this.

But this of course does not mean that you can't use overloading in units
processed by pasdoc. Pasdoc wil generate a valid and working
documentation for overloaded routines, in every output format. You just
don't have such control over links to overloaded things as you should
have.
